feat(react-grid): improve column resizing (#2218)
DevExpress/devextreme-reactive: packages/dx-react-grid/docs/guides/fundamentals.md

### Column Width

> To specify static widths for specific columns, use the `Table` plugin's [`columnExtensions`](../reference/table.md/#tablecolumnextension) property. You can define the widths in pixels or CSS-accepted units. The demo below demonstrates both cases:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To specify static widths for specific columns, use the `Table` plugin's [`columnExtensions`](../reference/table.md/#tablecolumnextension) property. You can define the widths in pixels or CSS-accepted units:
```

> You can define static widths for specific column via the `Table` plugin's [`columnExtensions`](../reference/table.md/#tablecolumnextension) property. Column width may be defined like number (convert into pixels) or string. Example with defined static widths shown in the demo below:

Reviewer 2: > Column width may be defined like number (convert into pixels) or string

...or strings that allowed apply CSS types.

or something like that.

> You can define static widths for specific column via the `Table` plugin's [`columnExtensions`](../reference/table.md/#tablecolumnextension) property. Column width may be defined like number (convert into pixels) or strings that allowed apply CSS types. Example with defined static widths shown in the demo below:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To specify static widths for specific columns, use the `Table` plugin's [`columnExtensions`](../reference/table.md/#tablecolumnextension) property. You can define the widths in pixels or CSS-accepted units. The demo below demonstrates both cases:
```
